The Story of the One Eyed Mother


My mom only had one eye. I hated her... she was such an embarrassment... She cooked for students & teachers...to support the family. There was this one day during elementary school and my mom came. I was so embarrassed. How could she do this to me? I threw her a hateful look and ran out.

The next day at school... "Your mom only has one eye?!?!"...eeeee said a friend. I wished my mom would just disappear from this world. So I said to my mom, "Mom... Why dont you have the other eye?! If youre only going to make me a laughing stock, why dont you just die?!!!"

My mom did not respond... I guess I felt a little bad, but at the same time, it felt good to think that I had said what Id wanted to say all this time... Maybe it was because my mom hadnt punished me, but I didnt think that I had hurt her feelings very badly.

That night... I woke up, and went to the kitchen to get a glass of water. My mom was crying there, so quietly, as if she was afraid that she might wake me. I took a look at her, and then turned away. Because of the thing I had said to her earlier, there was something pinching at me in the corner of my heart. Even so, I hated my mother who was crying out of her one eye. So I told myself that I would grow up and become successful.

Then I studied real hard. I left my mother and went to Singapore to study. Then, I got married. I bought a house of my own. Then I had kids, too... Now Im living happily as a successful man. I like it here because its a place that doesnt remind me of my mom.

This happiness was getting bigger and bigger, when... What?! Whos this?! It was my mother...Still with her one eye. I felt as if the whole sky was falling apart on me. Even my children ran away, scared of my moms eye.

And I asked her, "Who are you?!" "I dont know you!!!" as if trying to make that real. I screamed at her, "How dare you come to my house and scare my children! GET OUT OF HERE! NOW!!!"

And to this, my mother quietly answered, "Oh, Im so sorry. I may have gotten the wrong address," and she disappeared out of sight. Thank goodness... She doesnt recognize me. I was quite relieved. I told myself that I wasnt going to care, or think about this for the rest of my life. Then a wave of relief came upon me...

One day, a letter regarding a school reunion came to my house in Singapore. So, lying to my wife that I was going on a business trip, I went. After the reunion, I went down to the old shack that I used to call a house... Just out of curiosity

There, I found my mother fallen on the cold ground. But I did not shed a single tear. She had a piece of paper in her hand....It was a letter to me. "My son... I think my life has been long enough now... And... I won’t visit Singapore anymore. .. But would it be too much to ask if I wanted you to come visit me once in a while? I miss you so much... And I was so glad when I heard you were coming for the reunion. But I decided not to go to the school. For you... And Im sorry that I only have one eye, and I was an embarrassment for you.

You see, when you were very little, you got into an accident, and lost your eye. As a mom, I couldnt stand watching you having to grow up with only one eye... So I gave you mine... I was so proud of my son that was seeing a whole new world for me, in my place, with that eye. I was never upset at you for anything you did.. The couple times that you were angry with me... I thought to myself, Its because he loves me....’ My son... Oh, my son... “I was crying out loud..., if I could turn the time back...

This message has a very deep meaning and is passed to remind people of the goodness they have enjoy was because of others directly or indirectly. Pause a moment and consider your life! Be thankful of what you have today compared to many millions who do not live lives as you do!

Do spend some time in prayer for your mum out there!